docs(externals): add `import` and `module-import` external type (#7345)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/externals.mdx

Note that there will be an `import` statement in the output bundle.

### externalsType.import

Specify the default type of externals as `'import'`. Webpack will generate code like `import('...')` for externals used in a module.

#### Example

```javascript
async function foo() {
  const jq = await import('jQuery');
  jq('.my-element').animate(/* ... */);
}
```

**webpack.config.js**

```js
module.exports = {
  externalsType: 'import',
  externals: {
    jquery: 'jquery',
  },
};
```

> Will generate into something like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will generate something like below:
```

```javascript
var __webpack_modules__ = {
  jQuery: (module) => {
    module.exports = import('jQuery');
  },
};

// webpack runtime...

async function foo() {
  const jq = await Promise.resolve(/* import() */).then(
    __webpack_require__.bind(__webpack_require__, 'jQuery')
  );
  jq('.my-element').animate(/* ... */);
}
```

> Note that there will be an `import()` statement in the output bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the output bundle will have an `import()` statement.
```

### externalsType.module-import

Specify the default type of externals as `'module-import'`. This combines [`'module'`](#externalstypemodule) and [`'import'`](#externalstypeimport). Webpack will automatically detect the type of import syntax, setting it to `'module'` for static imports and `'import'` for dynamic imports.

> Make sure to enable [`experiments.outputModule`](/configuration/experiments/#experimentsoutputmodule) first if static imports exist, otherwise webpack will throw errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure to enable [`experiments.outputModule`](/configuration/experiments/#experimentsoutputmodule) first if static imports exist, otherwise, webpack will throw errors.
```

#### Example

```javascript
import { attempt } from 'lodash';

async function foo() {
  const jq = await import('jQuery');
  attempt(() => jq('.my-element').animate(/* ... */));
}
```

**webpack.config.js**

```js
module.exports = {
  externalsType: 'import',
  externals: {
    jquery: 'jquery',
  },
};
```

> Will generate into something like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will generate something like below:
```

```javascript
import * as __WEBPACK_EXTERNAL_MODULE_lodash__ from 'lodash';
const lodash = __WEBPACK_EXTERNAL_MODULE_jquery__;

var __webpack_modules__ = {
  jQuery: (module) => {
    module.exports = import('jQuery');
  },
};

// webpack runtime...

async function foo() {
  const jq = await Promise.resolve(/* import() */).then(
    __webpack_require__.bind(__webpack_require__, 'jQuery')
  );
  (0, lodash.attempt)(() => jq('.my-element').animate(/* ... */));
}
```

> Note that there will be an `import` or `import()` statement in the output bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the output bundle will have an `import` or `import()` statement.
```

> When a module is not imported via `import` or `import()`, webpack will use `"module"` externals type as fallback. If you want to use a different type of externals as fallback, you can specify it with a function in the `externals` option. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a module is not imported via `import` or `import()`, webpack will use the `"module"` externals type as a fallback. If you want to use a different kind of externals as a fallback, you can specify it with a function in the `externals` option. For example:
```
